Kind of yours. Defend time.
Protect money. Three thousand, maybe.
You are super rich. No money.
I have no money. If you have money, hurry up so early.
I always show up personally.
I don't want to serve either. This is my card.
There are three hundred thousand yuan in the card. You take it.
You kid don't want to talk. That was indeed a borrowing effort.
I've known for a long time that you don't want to play this pair.
I've already hit zero. You pass all the money along.
Then don't tell me. Money serves.
I can't be strong
My villa was not bought for 300 million
you only have two choices
Thousand words of house selling melee
Are you trying to force me to death?
I just want to get my own money back
You are illegal and you cannot do it